3/27/23 - Contributed to API design and created spreadsheet with all necessary pieces of data for 15 resorts.
3/28/23 - Finalized resort data spreadsheet and applied changes to resort fields to accommodate new data.
3/30/23 - Began work on design of SkiColorado main page. Worked through some issues with package installations.
4/3/23 - Continued work on main page with goal to finish. Collaborated with Eric to tweak existing elements until we were happy with product.
4/4/23 - Implemented few additional features to main page with Eric, including raining snow on page. Compiled all resort data into formatted strings for future ease of populating database.
4/7/23 - wrote function and added fields in resortdetail.js
4/17/23 - Played around some more with twitter's timeline embedding generator code and could not get it to display. Found and installed the react-twitter-widgets npm package. Tweaked setting and framed the widget in matching styling so that it would fit in with other elements on the page.
4/18/23 - Met with Eric and came up with final solution for positioning/spacing on the resort list page. Previously, I had worked on implementing the "toLocaleString()" method to add correct commas to resort statistic numbers in the thousands, however, on refresh it would break the page. Never found a solution so today I wrote a function from scratch that accomplishes what I was looking for without breaking the webpage.
4/19/23 - Created a dynamic star rating display function for resort page! This takes in the average rating for the resort, applies logic to round to the nearest whole or half number and then displays the appropriate amount of filled in/empty whole or half stars. Continues organization within the resort detail page, tweaks to direction formatting.
4/20/23 - Worked heavily on organization of profile page. Wrote a function that only includes Address 2 line (ex. apt number) if it was provided at sign up. This was a challenge because I did not want an empty space if the line was missing. Success.
4/24/23 - Added Navbar to profile page. Added @username to profile page and changed picture to round instead of square. Finally figured out how to get skier/snowboarder icons centered. Wrote a function to only show last initial when someone else views your profile page for privacy reasons. This is similar to the way we hide the street address from others. And logic to only display email to the owner of profile.
4/25/23 - Spent most of the day learning how to and implementing a unit test for comment creation.
4/26/23 - Fromatted all elements of a comment into a readable and stylish comment box on both the profile and resort page. They are slightly different in that the profile page comments display which resort they are linked to and the resort page comments show which user posted them. This is intuitive because the variable is assumed given the profile/resort page you are on. Adjusted styling of favorites on profile page and worked with Eric on spacing of comments on both pages so they are wider and save some verticle space. Also, worked with Eric to adjust the resort model to include a field for coordiantes. We needed to adjust our excel page of resort seed data and produce a string with the new field.
4/27/23 - With the finish line in sight, sorted out a console error on the profile page and one within the navbar. These were relatively easy fixes. Additionally, I would with Eric and Jack to implement a scroll bar for the comments listed on the profile page and reorganized the comment form elements on the resort detail page to create some extra verticle room for comments.
